we are working on parameter golf challenge by open ai. the readme.md file contains all the basic instructions and regulations. we want to test a variety of models. first read the README.md file to understand the challenge. Our intention is to test a bunch of different types of models and architectures in order to find the optimal, we are not compute constrained, we will be testing everything we can test and on 8xH100 for a full competitive run. all of the best models are mixtures of various strategies, to understand more about the various types of strategies, the best and winning ones, and to come up with experiments, please read through parametergolfanalyzer.md. I have already come up with some semi-competitive framework, please read experiment1.py to understand our approach. it may be useful to look our own framework against the others to understand what is possible. when generating these strategies please make sure they are legal. in order to understand legality, please look at the readme, but also look through parametergolfanalyzer, which includes a deep dive into strategies like TTT (test time training) which cannot be implemented at face value. One of the most useful ways to understand what we are trying to do is to look at the top competitor abaybektersun and his approach towards researching various models using AI and testing them. his approaches are detailed in pgolf-meta.md and pr-1105-model-autopsy.md. We want to use these heavily as our foundation for how to generate research ideas for models. We basically want a constant list of strategies to try that we will feed to a gpu instance and monitor all of these models and pick out the best ones, we have lots of compute to work with. In order to achieve this we need you to generate us this massive research list following these instructions above carefully, make detailed plans of these various strategies, a machine understandable implementation plan that we can feed it and it will then implement the plan and then test it. We can source many of these strategies from the untried strategies combinations in parametergolfanalyzer.md. Please come up with this massive list and then output to a file perhaps an md file or any good agent readable file type. 